you
so this is the nokia x6 it's a 16
gigabyte internal memory capacitive
touchscreen device it's got a 5
megapixel camera with dual-led flash 8
as I mentioned it's got the capacitive
screen so it's definitely a fingertip
feather touch friendly you know you've
got a contacts bar right on this on the
home screen so you can see your favorite
people and you touch it it'll pull up
their contacts text messages call log
etc what's really cool about this device
is it comes with ob maps so OB mash we
really announced is a free map service
use free turn-by-turn navigation maps in
180 plus countries navigation in 74
countries around the world you don't
need a cellular connection to have
navigation that's key because you know
you can load up maps take your SIM card
out bring it to Italy not get charged
all your data roaming charges you've got
these three icons at the bottom weather
events and lonely planet lonely planet
is a series of city guides events is
really cool events will tell you local
events that are happening it's got
movies as well just based on where you
are seven point six seven miles away you
can go see alice in wonderland at noon
concerts fab four live mile and 85 way
and then you've got all these other
options to your theater sporting events
etc i mentioned the 5 megapixel camera
which is great you know it takes stellar
pictures one of the new features with OV
maps is share location so you can take a
picture right here yep right there you
take a picture you click share location
it pulls down your GPS coordinates
whatever status update you want to write
loads it to Facebook you've also got ov
store which is our content application
store so you can find thousands of
content right in the ov store you know
everything from wallpapers and ringtones
to games and applications ok this is the
GD 8
80 otherwise known as a LG mini it's a
very small little form factor 3.2 inch
touchscreen what's unique about the
phone is that it has a 5 megapixel
camera and the one big selling point on
this device is the first phone that's
actually working with our LG LG air sync
service which is a server it's a server
based service and basically a lot of the
times the easiest analogy that I can
give you is that a lot of times if you
see pictures on the internet and you
want to be able to transfer them to your
phone you're right click save as
download it to memory card put it on
your phone with this you go right to
your computer you install the software
on your computer and right now it's a
service that's not available I think yet
or it's coming soon I don't know all the
details on it yet but let's say I want
to take this picture this gentleman
right here I can right click on the
picture set as mobile wallpaper and
you'll see it captures it there it
resized to fit screen it's sin and then
within a few moments you'll actually get
a prompt on the phone here
that will show that the phone is syncing
with the website to gather the actual
wallpaper and set it on your phone and
it's not working well it's downloading
it now okay I see it so now there's your
new wallpaper and all you have to do is
hit yes and now you can see the
wallpaper i just took from here is
placed onto the phone other than that
five megapixel camera full HTML web
browser music player all the standard
fare and it is a is a quad-band phone
available only in europe and asia at
this time so this is the samsung galaxy
s this is our newest phone we just
unveiled it here today at ctia it has a
4 inch Super AMOLED screen we've taken
our already state-of-the-art AMOLED and
made it that much better it's brighter
it's less reflective out in the sunlight
and it's more responsive to the touch to
that we've added a 1 gigahertz processor
for speed and power for gaming for
internet browsing for watching videos so
you don't get the jerkiness in the
videos and we've got some content deals
in the works it will be
to announce soon so we'll have a full
ecosystem of HD video that will be
available and optimized for the galaxy s
so it's a very exciting product it's the
it's the thinnest full-featured
smartphone on the market that's another
thing that Super AMOLED allows us to do
it's got a full 1,500 milliamp hour
battery in it so it's got lots of power
it's just a beautiful gorgeous device
the galaxy s